Update Example Templates with Additional Question Types (#61)
layer5io/academy-example: content/learning-paths/your-org-uuid/example-learning-path/course-1/module/quiz.md

---
title: "Module Quiz"
passing_percentage: 70
questions:
  - id: "q1"

>     text: "Which Layer5 project provides visual design capabilities for Kubernetes and service meshes?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Which Layer5 project provides visual design capabilities for Kubernetes and cloud native infrastructure?"
```

    type: "single-answer"
    marks: 2
    options:
      - id: "a"
        text: "Meshery"
      - id: "b"
        text: "Kanvas"
        is_correct: true
      - id: "c"
        text: "Istio"
      - id: "d"
        text: "Docker"
  - id: "q2"
    text: "Which of the following are architectural components of Meshery?"
    type: "multiple-answers"
    marks: 2
    options:
      - id: "a"
        text: "MeshSync"
        is_correct: true
      - id: "b"
        text: "Broker"
        is_correct: true
      - id: "c"
        text: "Operator"
        is_correct: true
      - id: "d"
        text: "Docker Engine"
  - id: "q3"
    text: "Which tool manages Kubernetes namespace labeling?" 
    type: "short_answer" 
    marks: 2
    correct_answer: "kubectl" 

> layout: "test"

Reviewer: Please remove the suggestion that layout is needed.

> type: "test"

Reviewer: Please relocate this property to the very top.
